>> Speaker 2: I have a question
on talking to a REST API.
>> Scott Moss: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: From GraphQL and
there's tools for that or?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so are you saying
you have a REST API server and you have
a GraphQL server and you want the GraphQL
server to talk to the REST API server?
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so if you don't wanna
manually do it as in, in my resolvers I'm
setting all this stuff up,
basically what you wanna do is, let's see.
REST to, let's see if the,
no, you wanna wrap it, nope.
I'm looking for a specific one,
I don't know if this is it.
Maybe Apollo's the one that doesn't know.
I think Apollo doesn't know.
>> Scott Moss: Schema-First.
Yeah, I think Apollo doesn't know.
So, yeah, that's right.
So what you can do with
Apollo is basically,
you can define different data resources
for your GraphQL API to contact.
And one of those data
resources can be a REST API.
It doesn't have to be a database,
it can be a REST API.
And then that way you're basically just
gonna be writing different resolvers
that talk to different
parts of your REST API.
Like this resolver talks
to this part of API,
this resolver talks to this
part of the API and so forth.
All this stuff is very new and
experimental, so
I can't comment on how good it is.
There's also another one,
this isn't the one I was looking for.
There's another one that I
can't think of right now,
maybe it died because this one
put it out of business, but yeah.
There's wrappers that do it, in my
opinion, I myself would do it manually.
Because it's strict and it's legible.
If you do it automatically, I don't know,
I feel like you give up control.
With something so
strict as GraphQL giving up control
is not a good idea in my opinion.
But feel free to check this out which is
called layer GraphQL with Apollo MVRP.
No, that's just an example of API,
but yeah, Layer GraphQL.
So check that out, and
see how they did it, but
they're using something
called RESTDataSource.
This is very new.
I've never even seen this before, but
I'm guessing, yeah, this allows you to
define a RESTDataSource that creates
resolvers that interact with your REST
API, that delegate to your GraphQL schema.
So at the end of the day, it looks like
they're just creating your GraphQL schema
on the fly using schema stitching
to wrap your GraphQL API.
So, that sounds like
a pretty good way to do it.
I think I would've done it that way.
But I still would do it manually myself.